chore(docs) added some docs around validation (#2248)
berachain/beacon-kit: state-transition/core/README.md

## Validators handling

As a general principle, BeaconKit strives to keep validators handling aligned with Ethereum 2.0 specs. There currently two notable exceptions to this principle:

- BeaconKit **does not** enforce a cap on validators churn, neither in the activation nor in the exit queue.
- BeaconKit **does** enforce an explicit cap on the validators set.
- BeaconKit **does not** currently support voluntary withdrawals.

We list below a few relevant facts.

## `Balance` and `EffectiveBalance`

BeaconKit distingishes a validator `Balance` and a validator `EffectiveBalance`.

- `Balance` is updated slot by slot, when a deposit in made over the deposit contract and events are subsequently processed by BeaconKit.

> - `Balance` changes in multiples of the `MinDeposit` specified in the deposit contract. There is no cap on the `Balance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Balance` can increase only in multiples of `MinDepositAmount`, which is specified in the deposit contract. There is no cap on the `Balance`.
```

- `EffectiveBalance` is updated at the turn of every epoch.
- `EffectiveBalance` is enforced to be a multiple of `EffectiveBalanceIncrement`
- `EffectiveBalance` is capped at `MaxEffectiveBalance`. Any `Balance` in excess of `MaxEffectiveBalance` is automatically withdrawn.
- `EffectiveBalance` is aligned to `Balance`, within the constrains listed above, and accounting for hysteresys, at the turn of every epoch, via [`processEffectiveBalanceUpdates`](./state_processor.go#L491)

## Validator lifecycle

Validators are created by a deposit made to the deposit contract, as soon as the corresponding event is emitted.

Say a deposit is made at slot `S`, epoch `N`, that creates a validator.

> The funds deposited will be locked and the validator will stay inactive until the a minimum staking balance is hit. The minimum staking balance is set to `EjectionBalance + EffectiveBalanceIncrement` to account for hysteresys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The funds deposited will be locked and the validator will stay inactive until the a minimum staking balance is hit. The minimum staking balance is set to `EjectionBalance + EffectiveBalanceIncrement` to account for hysteresys.  However if the active validator set has already reached the `ValidatorSetCap`, a new prospective validator must deposit more funds than the effective balance of the active validator with the lowest stake.
```
